Update production-deployment.md (#7583)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/production-deployment.md

From a web browser, navigate to the <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2077139" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 Defender portal</a>.

## Data center location

> Microsoft Defender for Endpoint will store and process data in the [same location as used by Microsoft 365 Defender](microsoft-365-docs/microsoft-365/security/defender/m365d-enable.md). If Microsoft 365 Defender has not be turned on yet, onboarding to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint will also turn on Microsoft 365 Defender, a new data center location is automatically selected based on the location of active Microsoft 365 security services. The selected data center location is shown in the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Defender for Endpoint will store and process data in the [same location as used by Microsoft 365 Defender](/microsoft-365/security/defender/m365d-enable). If Microsoft 365 Defender has not been turned on yet, onboarding to Microsoft Defender for Endpoint will also turn on Microsoft 365 Defender and a new data center location is automatically selected based on the location of active Microsoft 365 security services. The selected data center location is shown on the screen.
```
